idot2, yuval_lavie55
Ido Toledo (205385479), Yuval Lavie (316320134)
EX: 2

FILES:


REMARKS:
These are some remarks that
I want the graders to know
about this submission.

ANSWERS:

Q1:
a:
The siglongjmp function receives as an argument a sigjmp_buf struct and restores the environment most recently saved
by sigsetjmp on that sigjmp_buf. The function also receives an int value that becomes the return value of
the sigsetjmp function that we jump to, if the value is 0 it will be changed to 1. All that happens on the same thread
The sigsetjmp function receives as an argument a sigjmp_buf struct and saves the current environment on it that will be
later used by siglongjmp. The function also receives the savemask argument that for all values different from 0 will
also save the current signal mask in the environment.
b:
Using sigsetjmp and siglongjmp allows us to save and restore the current environment with our signalmask number.
Masking is the process of determining which signals we block and dont block, so we must know the signalmask of
incoming signals in order to differentiate between them.

Q2:
One general use of user-level threads can be a game applications that has 2 main processes: the first is receiving
user input and the second is displaying text on the screen.
Most of the game time will be spent on doing context switch between the two processes so if they are implemented as
user-level threads the overhead of the context switching will be significantly smaller.

Q3:
Advantages of Chrome tabs being user_level threads:
* Switching between tabs is a cheaper action
* We can control which tab to prioritize
Disadvantages of Chrome tabs being user_level threads:
* An interrupt from a single tab can shutdown all open tabs
* Controlling which tab to prioritize can result in poor OS optimization

Q4:
c:
Just typing kill 58739 (our pid) is in fact, a hardware interrupt that came from using the keyboard.
We used the shell 'Kill pid' command in order to terminate the shotwell process.
The 'Kill pid' command uses a system-call interrupt for killing the shotwell process, by sending the SIGTERM signal.
Next, the operating system decides what to do with the signal, in this case it sends data to the shotwell application,
asking it to shut down.


Q5:
Real time is the amount of time it takes to complete a task in the real world, like using a
stopwatch to measure a 10K run. Virtual time is the amount of time it takes to complete a task on the computer
when the time is measured on a virtual clock (that ignores interruptions), like for example the amount of time it
takes to gain a level in a video-game measured the in-game clock.
